 shorten the length of the descriptions of the ones that have descriptions and create short descriptions for those that dont have. Dont remove the descriptions. let there be a heading and a description

	You don’t have to be someone else to achieve greatness in life. Celebrate your personality and uniqueness, because that’s what makes a legend

“Personality is not the clothes you wear but the mind you carry, the kindness you have inside, owning a soft clean good heart, pious intentions, excellent calm nature, and a genuinely good soul from within is a proper definition of personality”
― Aiyaz Uddin, The Inward Journey

“Our attitudes and personal values create outcomes. The consequence of any venture shapes our evolving ethical precepts, and the product of a sundry of worldly experiences in turn establishes our personality.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Life is mortal, but your personality stays forever in the hearts of others.”

 “It’s beauty that captures your attention; personality that captures your heart.” —-Oscar Wilde

“Your personality is the only permanent thing in your, ultimately, temporary life…that’s all the more reason to cherish it.” —Isabella Koldras


Rarity chart

How Rare is the INTJ Personality?
According to psychologist David Keirsey, developer of the Keirsey Temperament Sorter, approximately 1% to 4% of the population has an INTJ personality type. (The rarest personality type is INFJ.)



The Basics of Myers & Briggs' Personality Theory
The Myers-Briggs system describes a person’s personality through four opposing personality functions, variously known as dichotomies, preferences or scales. The first three preferences are based on the writings of Jung; Katherine Cook Briggs added the final preference, Judging versus Perceiving, based on her own observations.

The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator® (MBTI®) assessment is one of the world’s most popular personality tools—because it works. Used by more than 88 percent of Fortune 500 companies in 115 countries, and available in 29 languages, it has become the go-to framework for people development globally. With more than 70 years of science-based, research-based insight, the MBTI assessment is a robust tool for self-awareness and improvement. It provides positive language for understanding and valuing individual differences. With practical insight that’s easy to understand and implement, the MBTI assessment has helped thousands of organizations and millions of people around the world improve how they communicate, learn, and work.

Now, there are tonnes of personality questionnaires and tests available online but the Myers-Briggs Personality Type Indicator is probably the most widely used personality test in the world.  

Extraversion vs. Introversion: How do you gain energy? Extraverts like to be with others and gain energy from people and the environment. Introverts gain energy from alone-time and need periods of quiet reflection throughout the day.

Sensing vs. Intuition: How do you collect information? Sensors gather facts from their immediate environment and rely on the things they can see, feel and hear. Intuitives look more at the overall context and think about patterns, meaning, and connections.

Thinking vs. Feeling: How do you make decisions? Thinkers look for the logically correct solution, whereas Feelers make decisions based on their emotions, values, and the needs of others.

Judging vs. Perceiving: How do you organize your environment? Judgers prefer structure and like things to be clearly regulated, whereas Perceivers like things to be open and flexible and are reluctant to commit themselves.

How do you direct and receive energy—by focusing on the outside world, interacting with people and taking action, or by focusing on your inner world and reflecting on ideas, memories, and experiences?
How do you take in information—by focusing on what you perceive using your five senses or by seeing the big picture and looking for relationships and patterns? 
How do you decide and come to conclusions—by logically analyzing the situation or by considering what’s important to the people involved?
How do you approach the outside world—in a planned, orderly way or a more flexible, spontaneous way? 

Energy: % of introversion

on the other hand, is x
not a test because there are no correct or incorrect responses, and it does not 
disclose everything about an individual.

ExtraversionIntroversion, Sensing-Intuition, Thinking-Feeling, and Judging-Perceiving


1. Extroversion or Introversion: where people tend to concentrate their interest 
and expend their resources.
2. Sensing or Intuition: People’s preferred method of obtaining information.
3. Thinking or Feeling: People’s preferred method of decision-making.
4. Judging and Perceiving: How people view themselves in relation to the 
outside world.
